GRADING

I implemented a Unity 3D with an expansive environment that includes a periodic
system of night and day.  I opted to leave all enemies out day and night for 
game play purposes: my tasks to build a house also involves fighting enemies and
gathering supplies from them.  Also, with the current timing of the game, I intend
for the player to build the house around when night time has started, emphasizing 
the importance of lighting the fire.  

For requirement purposes to demonstrate that I know how to do this: 

Had wanted to spawn enemies at night time, first I would have created many enemies
throughout the map and unchecked them as active. Next I would have written some code
in my day and night script, at the time I switched the skybox to night time, I 
would have accessed all the objects with the tag "Enemy" and ran a for loop through
the array returned from a simple Unity method which returns an array of game 
objects that have the tag specified, and in this loop calling the 
gameObject.SetActive(true) method.  Vice versa, where I start the day time skybox, 
I would have done the same thing, calling the method again with parameter false.

The player can find an axe, cut down trees, cut down enemies, collect materials
and build a house with the materials.

The game runs smoothly (for modern computers) and has a different feel than the
unity tutorial.  Admittedly, I did use similar textures and trees along the valley
map, but this is because I thought it was the most appropriate for the game play
style I was going for.  However, it different greatly from the tutorial map in
layout, and involves more environments such as a cave / forest / enclaves and paths.



EMBELLISHMENTS:

I think my environment is decently large, enough to spend a few game time days
exploring.  The environment also involves a cave to explore, giving an entirely
different environment feel to the valley map. 

I implemented a few objects that the player can acquire, such as an axe and a
torch.  The torch involves a particle emitter showing fire and illuminates the 
area with an orange glow.  The player can use this as a resource when navigating
the map at night time.

The axe can be swung around with animations as a melee weapon, and provides the
player with both an offensive ability and gathering ability. In addition, when
the player cuts a tree down, logs will appear on the screen for a brief moment.

I have provided visual cues as well as GUI hints to inform the player what he/she
needs to be doing.  Some of these cues include lights that illuminate over
important areas.

Using a script found online and revised to work with my own game, I also included a
system that casts shadows across the map to signal the passing of time.